add newsletter no. 20 as blog post (#1279)
questdb/questdb.io: blog/2022-11-10-newsletter-20.md

---

> title: Newsletter No. 21 - 6.5.5 release with contributions from Hacktoberfest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Newsletter Nov 2022 - 6.5.5 Release with Contributions from Hacktoberfest
```

author: QuestDB
author_url: https://github.com/questdb
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/52297642?s=200&v=4
description:
  Learn about the latest 6.5.5 release, news about our official Kafka Connector
  and Python client library, events, and community news.
tags: [newsletter]
image: /img/blog/newsletter-preview.png

> slug: newsletter-release-with-contributions-from-2022-hacktoberfest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: newsletter-open-source-contributors-hacktoberfest-2022
```
